it's a game for the first time I
not seen little chills
we end up on a little creepy game
we will do an intro after we go on foot
on space as they say the
megadrive hours attention control
of analyzed helped to move
complete strong must be monitored during
two minutes to the game crashing white
good luck karaoke do not spit the
car it starts well
I spoke already spit
ok do not paper on f10 what's that so
I press f10
that's what I'm sure of and 10
g
Yes
yeah why not what's happening my
pc goes crazy I think where am I then
to the bugs the sensitivity she is
all rotten which is what I have
to do in there that was waiting at the
true sensitivity I swear to you a
sensitivity of 120,000 a good day for
montmoreau
m
it's the circle watts stopped
what they say is a fact that I am not the
no fucking pictures
but it's like in the movie the circle
the ring
I think I say and if I say bullshit
but pop
I can move my head
stop stop I do not think I do not
do not think we live there
oulalala madam madam 90 where do we go
it can be a whole people
I got to see his head stopped at
the city of the hill but it's pulled
a son or that we agree it's
taken from the movie ad to deal with
vaduz
what is this sweeter jewel more I
play more I can I do not want gold summer
stopped and I swear it's I
believe that I'm going to spit at no
visible them tell me it's because
that I think do not expect what I have
really lifted made
no no no there I'm really in a
well and I laugh it makes sure he falls to
bottom of the well
I'm in the pit stop I was
locked in the well as in the
movie what
wait I really have to shoot my
Basque theory and wau am sure he's going
have a trick my god hop hop hop hop
hop hop
no no we did not see anything